Copyright 2023 - David Cornelson - All Rights Reserved

TITLE: REFLECTIONS

INT. ART GALLERY

In this scene, the thief is calm and professional

Camera focused directly on an ornate mirror vertically
centered on one wall. A man clothed head to toe in highly
reflective material and an intensely bright light on his
head calmly comes "through" the mirror...

                    (ALARM SOUNDS)

...and walks across the room to a painting. Knife in hand,
he cuts the painting from its frame, rolls it up, and walks
into an adjacent room. He reaches for a smaller mirror and
lays it on the floor. He then steps over the small mirror
and drops down "through" it.

INT. ABANDONED APARTMENT

The thief drops out of a plain dressing room mirror hanging
parallel to the ceiling 7ft above the floor of an otherwise
unfurnished and empty apartment, pulls out a cellphone and
dials. After the phone is answered.

                         THIEF
            Target acquired. Payment expected on
            scheduled date. Merchandise will be
            transferred to escrow service.

The thief takes the phone apart and throws it in a trash
can. Then he takes the light off of his head, strips out of
the reflective gear and places both in a nearby duffel bag.
He walks out of the apartment, down a staircase, and out
the back door to an alley.

EXT. ALLEY - NIGHT

The alley is empty with garages lining both sides. The
thief goes to the side door of a garage, unlocks it, and
enters.

INT. GARAGE

The thief closes the garage door and locks it. He walks to
a tarp covering a large rectangle and steps behind and
disappears.

INT. APARTMENT - BEDROOM
                    (his home)

The thief appears through a dressing-room mirror in the
bedroom of a large and well-furnished apartment with a view
of downtown Chicago. He sets the duffel bag and rolled up
painting on his bed and walks out to the living room.

INT. APARTMENT - LIVING ROOM

The thief enters the living room, grabs a TV remote and
turns the television on. The local news is on The thief
moves into the connected kitchen and begins to make a
sandwich. As he's preparing his sandwich he freezes.
There's a barely noticeable shadow from the bedroom.

He races into the bedroom...

INT. BEDROOM

...just in time to see a leg disappear into his mirror. The
painting is gone.

                         THIEF
            What the hell?

The thief is about to walk through the mirror and stops,
with hands on the mirrors edges, visibly shaken. He takes
the mirror off the wall and places it on the bed and begins
to crack it into small pieces. He rolls the glass into the
comforter and carries it out to the kitchen.

INT. KITCHEN

The thief shoves the comforter with broken glass into a
garbage bin. most of the comforter remains hanging out of
the bin. The thief continues to stare at the comforter as
the TV announces a bold robbery of a famous painting from a
museum in Los Angeles.

                                        FADE OUT

INT. GARAGE

The tarp has been removed and an older man comes "through"
the mirror in a rush, immediately turns around and smashes
it with a small black baton. He takes out a cellphone and
when it's answered...

                         OLD MAN
            I finally found him. It wasn't easy.
            I took a token for proof. He'll be
            running now. But I can track him.

                    (pauses to listen)

                         OLD MAN (cont'd)
            I understand your request, but I
            have one task for our friend first.
            Then I will kill him.

                    (pauses to listen)

                         OLD MAN (cont'd)
            Yes. Good bye.

The old man walks out of the garage. After a moment, a
young woman appears out of thin air, squatting near the
broken glass and pushes a few pieces around, as if she's
searching for something.

                         YOUNG WOMAN
            We have found you Monsieur thief,
            though De Brois is a fool to think
            he can kill you. We know better
            Monsieur thief, don't we.

The young woman stands and walks out of the garage.

                                        FADE OUT

INT. AIRPORT - BATHROOM

The thief carefully squats through a mirror and leaps off a
sink. There are three men at the urinals and none of them
notice the entrance. The thief walks out of the bathroom.

INT. AIRPORT - CONCOURSE

In this scene, the thief is emotional and nervous.

The thief sits down at a gate, awaiting a flight. He dials
a number on a cellphone. After a moment...

                         THIEF
            I have a problem.

The thief leans forward, resting elbows on knees.

                         THIEF (cont'd)
            Do we know of anyone else with...my
            skill?

The thief listens.

                         THIEF (cont'd)
            Not only is it possible, but such a
            person followed me home and took the
            painting.

The thief furtively switches the cellphone to his other
hand.

                         THIEF (cont'd)
            I've vacated the Chicago apartment.
            I'm in transit. Can you track the
            item and handle things?

The thief drops head lower.

                         THIEF (cont'd)
            I'll call in a few days.

                                        FADE OUT

INT. BANK - SAFETY DEPOSIT BOX ROOM

The old man is holding his hand against a decorative wall
mirror and concentrating. After a moment, he opens his eyes
and smiles.

                                        FADE OUT

INT. SMALL HOTEL ROOM

In this scene, the thief is alternating between his usual
calm nature and moments of panic.

The thief is on a cellphone.

                         THIEF
            Box 4359. Confirmed.

The thief disconnects the call and unpacks his work duffel.
The reflective suit is adorned, the bright light secured on
his head, and a high powered drill is in his right hand. He
stands in front of a closet door mirror and holds his hand
against it and concentrates.

The camera switches to his "minds eye". Blurred edge
visions of many different places, listening to people talk
in various languages, mentioning streets and restaurants,
views of empty rooms and full rooms, until he's able to
narrow down the location of the mirror in the safety
deposit room.

He immediately pulls his hand away.

                         THIEF (cont'd)
            Something isn't right.

The thief cautiously places his hand against the mirror
again and the view of the safety deposit room is shown
again. He senses something strange, but there is no one in
the room. He shrugs.

                         THIEF (cont'd)
            (under his breath) I need a
            vacation.

He steps through the mirror...

INT. DEPARTMENT STORE

The old man is casually leaning against a wall in a men's
clothing department. His right hand is lightly touching a
dressing mirror.

After a second he smiles

                         OLD MAN
            Welcome to the game, Monsieur
            Cullen.

INT. BANK - SAFETY DEPOSIT BOX ROOM

The thief quickly finds the right box and punches the drill
into the keyhole.

INT. BANK - SECURITY OFFICE

A security guard notices the thief on a monitor and quickly
presses an alarm button.

INT. BANK - SAFETY DEPOSIT BOX ROOM

The alarm sounds. The thief pushes the drill harder, then
pulls hard. The door pops open. The thief quickly pulls the
box out and dumps the contents into a black satchel. He
places the box back, closes the door, and walks quickly
back through the mirror. But he doesn't pass through. The
mirror is refusing to allow his passage. Or something is
blocking him. He presses with both hands, but the mirror
"resists". The mirror ripples with tension.

INT. DEPARTMENT STORE

The old man begins to chuckle. A teenage boy shopper walks
past the old man and bumps into him, heading to the
changing rooms. The old man's hand dislodges from the
mirror for a split-second...

INT. BANK - SAFETY DEPOSIT BOX ROOM

The thief pushes again and suddenly falls through...

INT. HOTEL ROOM

...and crashed out of the closet door and onto the floor of
the hotel room.

INT. DEPARTMENT STORE

The old man places his hand back on the mirror and curses.

                         OLD MAN
            Dammit.

He follows the teenager into the dressing room and quickly
closes them both inside.

                         TEENAGER
            What the hell! Get out!

                         OLD MAN
            No! You get out!

The old man touches the mirror in the dressing room, grabs
the teenager and pushes him through it.

                         ATTENDANT
            (knocks) Is everything okay in
            there?

The old man opens the door and as he exits...

                         OLD MAN
            I swear there was a bee in there.
            I'm fine.

The attendant looks around the dressing room warily and
shakes her head.

                                        FADE OUT

INT. AMUSEMENT PARK - FUN HOUSE

The teenager falls through a mirror in a filthy bathroom.

                         TEENAGER
            What the hell?

Shaken, he gets up and cautiously opens the bathroom door.
He's now in a small bordello where a few scantily clad
"ladies" are chatting and laughing in French.

                                        FADE OUT

INT. DEPARTMENT STORE

The old man returns to the original mirror in the men's
department and presses his hand against it. He finds the
hotel room where the thief returned and looks through. No
one is there. He looks around and walks through the mirror.

INT. HOTEL ROOM

The old man appears through the hotel room mirror and pulls
out a gun. He stalks through the hotel room, but it's
empty. After looking everywhere...

                         OLD MAN
            Shit!

INT. ANOTHER HOTEL ROOM

The thief is watching his original room through a small
mirror attached to the ceiling. He can see the old man, but
cannot hear him. He sees the gun and frustration.

                         THIEF
            Who are you my little friend, and
            where did you get your powers?

The old man is seen pacing for a moment and freezes. He
starts looking around the room and finally looks up at the
small mirror glued to the ceiling. He looks very angry at
first, but smiles, then calmly tips an imaginary hat,
turns, and walks through the dressing mirror.

INT. ANOTHER HOTEL ROOM

Just as the old man looks up at the small mirror, the thief
points his camera phone at the old man through his own
matching small mirror and takes a snapshot. He dials a
number on his phone.

                         THIEF
            Hello. I found my pursuer. He's not
            friendly. I'm sending you a picture.

The thief presses buttons on his phone as if he's sending
someone a photo.

                         THIEF (cont'd)
            Got it? Find out who he is and why
            he's trying to kill me.

INT. BORDELLO

The teenager walks out of the bathroom and only slightly
startles the ladies. One of the women, older than the
others steps toward him.

                         MADAM
            Regardez dames. Monsieur Debrois
            nous a envoyé un peu de plaisir.

And then she switches to English.

                         MADAM (cont'd)
            You look confused young man. You
            have been transported through a
            mirror by a very naughty Frenchman.
            It is going to take some time, but
            we can help you get home. Where are
            you from?

                         TEENAGER
            Chicago.

                         MADAM
            Oh. C'est le problème.

                         TEENAGER
            What?

                         MADAM
            We have a serious problem. No money.
            No passport. What will you do?

                         TEENAGER
            What?

                         MADAM
            (to teenager) Come. Sit down. (to
            her employees) Ladies! Get him a
            drink. We have a young monsieur in
            distress!

                                        FADE OUT

INT. ANOTHER HOTEL ROOM

The thief is spraying a dressing room mirror with a
multipurpose adhesive, thickly covering all of it except
for a small circle in the center. He reaches through the
mirror into his original hotel room mirror and waits.
Within a few seconds he pulls his arm back.

INT. BORDELLO - BEDROOM

The old man appears out of a dressing mirror and sits on
the bed. A young woman, scantily clad, is asleep on the
bed. The room is very small and he's able to lean forward
and place his fingertips on the mirror. He waits.

                         PROSTITUTE
            Monsieur?

                         OLD MAN
            Shh.

He raises a finger motioning for silence. Focusing on the
mirror, he feels the presence of the thief as the thief is
reaching through the mirror and retracts his arm, thinking
he'd walked through.

The old man pulls his gun out again and leaps through the
mirror.

INT. HOTEL ROOM

The old man comes through the mirror, but is caught in the
glue. As he exits the mirror, the glue entangles him in a
web, causing him to fold onto the floor. The gun is pressed
against his side and unusable.

From the old man's point of view laying on the floor, the
thief comes toward him and hits him on the head with a
small black club.

                                        FADE OUT

INT. HOTEL ROOM

The thief is sitting on the bed talking on the phone. The
old man is securely tied to the chair. The old man's gun is
laying on the bed.

                         THIEF
            (repeating what he's hearing on the
            phone and writing in a small
            notebook) Claude Debrois. Lives in
            Pigalle, Paris. Enforcer for the
            east Paris Mafia. Very dangerous.

The thief looks at the old man, who is just now regaining
consciousness.

                         THIEF (cont'd)
            Do we know why I am his target?

The thief listens for a moment.

                         THIEF (cont'd)
            The Renoir. Which one?

He listens for another moment.

                         THIEF (cont'd)
            Madame Valtat. But we procured that
            from a Japanese collector. Why would
            the French... (interrupted)

                         THIEF (cont'd)
            I see. How long before we have a
            resolution?

A moment passes.

                         THIEF (cont'd)
            A day? I'll have to feed him and
            allow him to use the toilet. That is
            a very dangerous prospect. Please
            hurry.

The thief ends the call and looks at the old man.

                         THIEF (cont'd)
            There has been a misunderstanding.
            It will take some time to resolve.
            Your orders are to kill me. If those
            orders are rescinded, will you
            comply?

                         OLD MAN
            My orders are never rescinded. Que?
            You should kill me.

                         THIEF
            It would be simpler to free you and
            let you kill me. Having the entire
            Parisian mafia after me for killing
            their Mr. Debrois would be suicide.
            No?

                         OLD MAN
            I have never failed in a mission. My
            reputation...

                         THIEF
            I understand. This time I will be
            more humane.

The thief takes out a syringe and injects the old man, who
promptly falls unconscious.

                                        FADE OUT

INT. BORDELLO

The young woman from the bedroom comes down the stairs in a
rush.

The teenage boy is surrounded by the other ladies and the
Madame.

                         PROSTITUTE
            Madame. Monsieur Debrois. Il avait
            un fusil.

                         MADAM
            Est-il ici?

                         PROSTITUTE
            Pas. (furtively looking at the boy)

                         MADAM
            (in English) It's okay. He was sent
            through the bathroom mirror by
            Monsieur DeBrois.

                         PROSTITUTE
            Zee Monsieur went back through the
            Mirror. He looked...upset.

                         MADAM
            I will take care of it. Stay here
            with the boy.

The camera follows the madame up the stairs and into the
discussed bedroom. She places her hand on the mirror and it
immediately shows the hotel room where Monsieur DeBrois is
bound and unconscious. The room is otherwise empty. The
madame pulls her hand away and sits on the bed in thought.

She pulls out a cellphone and dials a number.

                         MADAM (cont'd)
            Monsieur est en difficulté. Dois-je
            mêle?

She pauses to listen.

                         MADAM (cont'd)
            Compris.

She hangs up the phone and puts it in her gown. Once again
she places her hand on the mirror and sees Monsieur Debrois
alone.

                         YOUNG WOMAN
            You must wait.

                         MADAM
            (jumping and turning around) Ahh!

The young woman appears, leaning against the opposite wall
in the small bedroom.

                         YOUNG WOMAN
            He's not in any danger.

                         MADAM
            It would seem otherwise. And who are
            you? How did you get in here?

                         YOUNG WOMAN
            There is no record of me then? Good.
            I come and go as does anyone in our
            family.

                         MADAM
            (back to French) Vous avez le sang
            de l'argent?

                         YOUNG WOMAN
            And more.

                         MADAM
            More?

The madame holds her hand to her mouth.

                         MADAM (cont'd)
            It cannot be. Vous avez le sang de
            la lumière trop?

                         YOUNG WOMAN
            (sarcastically) But it's not
            possible! Those with the blood of
            the light were eradicated in the old
            feuds.

                         MADAM
            So we thought. How is it possible?
            What of the others? The night, the
            stone, and the water?

                         YOUNG WOMAN
            (cavalierly, but nervously) Wouldn't
            you like to know. Those who survived
            have remained silent and are
            extremely well-protected. Except for
            one.

                         MADAM
            The thief.

                         YOUNG WOMAN
            (hesitantly) A rogue. We all knew he
            existed at one time, but thought he
            was long dead. It is what he wanted
            everyone to think. But that
            ridiculous reflective suit he wears
            to counteract surveillance cameras
            has allowed the family (pauses and
            points to mirror) Monsieur Debrois,
            to find him.

                         MADAM
            Yes. The family is very concerned
            about its safety. The thief is
            stirring old hatreds. He is
            dangerous to all of us. We must
            rescue DeBrois and put an end to
            this thief.

Suddenly the young woman reveals a curved knife and raises
it to the madam's throat.

                         YOUNG WOMAN
            (in a low, threatening voice) You
            will rescind the order on the thief.
            I will ensure he causes no more
            trouble.

                         MADAM
            Who are you? Why should we trust
            you?

The young woman reaches into a pocket and pulls out a
necklace. It has a pendant with a coat of arms engraved on
the front. She hangs it in front of the madame's eyes.

                         YOUNG WOMAN
            Will this ensure the thief's safety?

The madam's eyes widen.

                         MADAM
            (in a whisper) Mon dieu.

                         YOUNG WOMAN
            (softly) Nana?

                         MADAM
            Est-ce vrai?

                         YOUNG WOMAN
            It is. She is. Will this spare my
            father?

The madam shrinks and begins to sob. She steps away from
the mirror and nods.

                         MADAM
            Send Monsieur DeBrois back. Show him
            the pendant. He will understand. It
            is all you need.

The young woman puts the knife away and nods in return.
Then she disappears walking toward the mirror.

                                        FADE OUT

INT. HOTEL ROOM

From the young woman's perspective. She comes through the
mirror and sees the thief laying on the bed, staring at the
ceiling. Debrois is head-down drugged, bound in the chair.

She moves toward Debrois to see if he is alright.

                         THIEF
            I didn't know anyone of the blood of
            the light existed anymore. (very
            sadly) The last of their kind died
            years ago.

The young woman reveals herself, standing behind DeBrois.

                         YOUNG WOMAN
            (quietly angry) Or so you thought.

The thief closes his eyes, clearly in pain.

                         THIEF
            So I know. She died in my arms. I
            buried her.

                         YOUNG WOMAN
            Do you know of the Blood of the
            Earth?

                         THIEF
            (solemnly) There is no such thing.

                         YOUNG WOMAN
            If that were true, I would not be
            standing here.

Monsieur DeBrois begins to wake up. The thief sits up on
the edge of the bed and looks at the young woman.
Recognition hits him hard. He kneels on the floor weeping,
still staring at the young woman.

                         THIEF
            Are you?

                         YOUNG WOMAN
            I am.

                         THIEF
            Not possible.

                         YOUNG WOMAN
            She lived. I lived. The Blood of the
            Earth.

                         THIEF
            I don't understand.

                         YOUNG WOMAN
            Katherine (pause)

                         THIEF
            Katherine.

                         YOUNG WOMAN
            Katherine, my mother, who was
            carrying me in her womb, lay in the
            earth and dreamed. She dreamed and
            the earth answered. She was restored
            to life.

                         THIEF
            Dreamed? How long?

                         YOUNG WOMAN
            Months. She lay in the earth. In the
            grave you set her in. It was four
            months. The earth fed her (pause)
            and me. Eventually she woke from the
            dream and crawled out of her grave.

                         THIEF
            I didn't know.

                         YOUNG WOMAN
            She told you. Many times.

                         THIEF
            What?

                         YOUNG WOMAN
            (bitterly) She told me. She sang to
            the trees. She talked to the
            flowers. Her garden was always oddly
            robust. You had to know. You
            betrayed her.

                         THIEF
            I did not see it. I did not know.

                         YOUNG WOMAN
            She thought you were dead. She still
            thinks you are dead. The family
            thought you were dead. That stupid
            suit you wear. It frightened the
            family. It brought me to you.

                         THIEF
            I wanted to be seen. I wanted to
            know if the family still existed. I
            didn't think they would try to kill
            me.

                         YOUNG WOMAN
            You scared them. You must remember
            how cautious they are.

                         THIEF
            I have been alone for many years.

The young woman kneels in front of the thief and puts her
hands on his. She is crying.

                         YOUNG WOMAN
            Father. (now sobbing)

                         THIEF
            (weeping) What is your name?

                         YOUNG WOMAN
            Olivia.

                         THIEF
            (laughs, wipes tears away) Then I
            named you.

                         YOUNG WOMAN
            Yes. You named me. (now smiling)

                         OLD MAN
            Katherine is alive?

                         YOUNG WOMAN
            Papa oui. She is alive.

She takes out the pendant and shows it to DeBrois. He looks
surprised, then he smiles and looks at the thief.

                         OLD MAN
            You may untie me now. There is no
            cause.

                         THIEF
            As I said. This was all a
            misunderstanding. I just didn't
            realize how big of a
            misunderstanding it was.

The thief and young woman begin to slowly untie Monsieur
DeBrois. He stands up shakily and holds her at arms length.
Then he embraces her fiercely. She laughs in tears.


                         YOUNG WOMAN
            Oh papa. I misunderstood you too. I
            didn't know how you would react.
            Mother and I have been afraid of the
            family.

                         THIEF
            As have I.

                         OLD MAN
            This is done. No more
            misunderstandings. And no more crazy
            suits!

                         THIEF
            (sheepishly) Agreed.

                         YOUNG WOMAN
            Let's go home.

The three of them walk through the mirror, one at a time.

                                        FADE OUT

INT. BORDELLO

The young man is sent through a mirror wearing a pink boa.

                                        FADE OUT

