# Before The Story Begins...

Your name is Jacqueline, but everyone outside of the Maiden House knows you as Jack. A few people have come to know you well enough to know that you are a girl and some have figured it out on their own. A few suspect that you are special and some think it's because you are the daughter of a royal personage. No one knows for sure. There is proof of the matter within your father's personal papers and some people in the royal government know. The fact that you exist and there is no other clear heir to the local lands (much less the Kingdom's throne) is the intrigue into which you were born. If you were to be recognized a royal heir it would cause a great deal of upheaval and if you were not recognized, things would probably progress more smoothly, albeit in a fashion the crown is not comfortable with. It would elevate a family that is highly ambitious, placing their heirs in a position to marry into the throne.

Your sponsor has in fact been your father by blood. He loved the woman that bore you to him, but as a mistress, there was no way to bring her or you to court. For the first ten years of your life, your father watched as you grew. He made sure that some of the women in Maiden House were well-educated and paid them to tutor you.

In your eleventh year, Lord Duke Toresal died of a mysterious illness. He left a legacy of goodwill among the people, but the succession to his lands was clearly going to Baron Fossville, a man who hired mercenaries for mysterious businesses and who had clear ambitions for the royal court. Fossville's machinations were coming to fruition as a royal ball was planned at which he would be betrothed to one of the Queen's daughters.

You are a fourteen year old girl on the verge of becoming a woman. Your mother died when you were born and you do not know who your father was. You do know that someone sponsored your early upbringing at Maiden House. Even though they care for you and feed you, and even though you do appreciate everything they did, you always felt you were destined for something else. You learned to read and write; a great deal of history of the land, to speak and act properly, and how to be respectful. You even were given the gift of a solid self-esteem. You possess all of the things that most orphans never even know about.

Eventually you decide that the stodgy lifestyle of the Maiden House was more than you can bear and you began taking to the streets at the age of eleven, nearly the same time Lord Toresal died. Wearing trousers and a boy's shirt and continually cutting your hair off with a blade and covering it with a hat, you instinctively realized that certain doors were open to you pretending to be a boy.

The maidens counted it a phase and although they worried if you were out all night, they never questioned where you'd been or what you'd done. It was as if they accepted your maturity and decision making almost entirely without question. But they did look out for you too. More than once you caught one of the younger maidens "accidentally" bumping into you.

For the next three years you manage to befriend other orphans, although of less luck. They happily show you how to beg, steal, and sneak around town without ever getting caught by the magistrate or his soldiers. One of the beggars you befriend is a boy named Bobby, who appeared on the streets shortly after your eleventh birthday. Never questioning the appearance or disappearance of any of the orphans, you don't realize that he is in fact a spy for the royal court, and in some ways, your protector.
